---
layout: single
title: First Day of Lexapro
author: CptnSmonge
comments: true
categories:
 - blog
 ---
 
 ### First day on Lexapro
 
Okay, so it's not too much to brag about. 5mg last night at 9:00PM; it's 2:00PM as of writing this the following day. And, predictably, I'm not feeling it yet, Mr. Krabs.
 
So, those side effects I said, *"whatever"* about yesterday? Potentially forgetfulness and lethargy/lack of motivation? I'm confused: I thought lethargy and lack of motivation directly result from untreated anxiety and depression. Well, my anxiety is worse now the longer I ruminate on them. So the only thing Lexapro does is... not make you feel bad about it?
 
And that's another thing, entirely. I still want to feel. Even negative feelings; I just don't want them to be *as* crippling.
 
It goes without saying I wouldn't stop taking medication as important as this without consulting my physician first. But I'm almost entirely convinced I want to talk about tapering off when I return in six weeks. Or, perhaps, switching to methylphenidate and managing anxiety with more homeopathic solutions such as diet, supplements, and even, *gasp,* exercise. I consider myself a force of nature with an iron will, however. I'm still strong enough that I could adapt if I needed to come down from Lexapro after a month or so. The fact that I can force myself to be socially functional is already a good sign that I could readjust my frame of mind with some effort.
 
How much of this mindset is just me bargaining? Is anxiety becoming self-aware and thrashing around in self-defense? My brain wants to say nothing was ever *that* wrong with me and that I was looking for a magic solution. But then, if there isn't anything that *is* wrong with me, why can I constantly cherry-pick situations where I know my anxiety was out of control?
 
I need to reiterate and convince myself: that I am unable or slow to positively adjust to changes in my environment. Saying this brings up memories of where I haven't positively adjusted to change. I know I have these problems because I can remember them. I'm almost bizarrely addicted to misery and disappointment.
 
I keep thinking of it as a lion in a cage roaring to get out, my ideal, unhindered self. That I can pull the curtains of anxiety aside and open the cage. But now, it's looking more like a way to tranquilize the lion and keep it in captivity.
 
It almost seems like by week 6, when I return, I'll be telling her, *"I don't want this poison in my body any longer. Please treat me for ADHD, and I'll manage my anxiety alone."* So exercise makes my body hurt? Big whoop: it does that to everybody, and I can do good things for myself even if they're hard. I hear it even gets easier.
 
However, there is one significant advantage. I feel that while I'm in the drugged stupor of not G'ing AF will be the supreme time to return to YTPMania and put my affairs in order while words and criticism don't affect me. I don't yet want to cede ownership, but it's clearly well past my time to concede leadership. Strange, my neglect of YTPMania has been my greatest motivator to finally getting help. I think, at the end of the day, I just want some extra help to move on from the YTP community altogether. I want to tentatively say that, by August 1st, I will return to YTPMania with a plan. But I'll need to know who's still with me and who wants to start picking up some of the responsibility of replacing me when I do step down from a leadership role. Again, not replacing me as owner; I'll still manage the server. If I'm being sincere, I can't cede ownership without certainty that it will not get fucked up by the same problematic progressive bullshit that killed YouChew's second attempt. No safe spaces; minimally restricted speech; no thought policing: you can agree to disagree or just fuck off entirely. I can't give ownership of YTPMania up unless I can find somebody who shares my vision of a YTP forum that, at the very least, sucks less than YouChew did in its final years and reboot. Nobody ever, ever forget: **The Neon Castle discord staff banned Yoshit because his conservative politics made other members uncomfortable.** This is what I was told when I inquired about Yoshit's ban on Yoshit's behalf.
 
Fuck. That. At least, that was the deal in 2018—maybe everybody kissed and made up since then. However, I doubt it after watching the 2019 YouChew reboot quietly from the sidelines eat shit because, surprise, nobody likes moderators deciding who can and can't be part of a community because of their politics and beliefs. This is why we have ignore, muting, and blocking features in community software. Let the community expel the unwanted imo, but protect the rights of the unwanted to be a part of the community so long as they try to be a functional member. Save the bans and blacklists for toxic malefactors that actually matter. 

God, I went off track. I think I was saying something about anxiety being a curtain, and the true me was a lion in the cage wanting to burst out? So far, this blog has been somewhat therapeutic, but I imagine the YTPMania and YouChew part probably ruffles some feathers. There isn't malice, only criticism, and disappointment. Don't forget, I loved YouChew like a second home. And truthfully, how I remember loving YouChew at its best was more than I ever loved YTPMania. The transition to Neon Castle back then clarified that I was always an outsider looking in who never quite fit in with the core YouChew group that established itself in 2007 through 2009. YTPMania was, in many ways, my realization that I never really belonged anywhere but with The Little Dragons, and TLD is deader than a dead fucking dead guy. Every summer, I think about what it was like from 2010-2012 in our Skype group. Myself, Joe, Gamerislanduk, DoomZappo, TrueTubePoops, vv9002, Cloggedone, and Uwilmod playing TF2, Minecraft or Pomme. God, I'd do anything to go back in time. I should thank Uwilmod every day of my life for drawing me into the pcmasterrace. I think he was the one who told me I should build a PC. Ironic because I remember him always drooling over Macs for creative projects. What a guy—I hope he's well. What a really, fucking cool out-of-the-box thinker who never really fit in with the YTP community, let alone YouChew.

I don't know if I've ever mentioned this, but YTPMania was my response to not having a forum to visit; it was very selfish of me. The thought of YouChew being gone freaked me the fuck out, and I was really not okay with it being gone(**heeeyyy, there we go--** *inability or unwillingness to positively react to changes in my environment*) I didn't want the perceived, weird sense of prestige some saw the "successor forum" as, or treat it like some big dick swinging contest; I just wasn't ready to say goodbye to YouChew. And I definitely wasn't okay with seeing all the teenage hooligans throwing around the ideas of things like freeforums or discord-only communities. I felt like, at the time, I was the only willing person who could do it correctly. I knew instantly what would happen if these youngins started a new community: infighting, pointless bans, corrupt moderation. We deserved better for coming from YouChew: our standards should have been high. Conceit or ego, I did it. I think.

I don't know if anybody's reading this or not. Actually, I'll tell you what. I'm going to turn on the Discourse comments for this blog. And then, I'm going to open up forum.smonge.com's registration to pre-approve accounts. If I recognize you're from YTPMania, maybe we can start getting some dialog going. Hopefully--can't promise anything, but I'm feeling more up for it now than I have been in the last two years.
 
I'm curious what tomorrow will bring after the second 5mg dose tonight.
